Add ensure-users-created to the list of available tags on playbook-tags.md (#4169)
spantaleev/matrix-docker-ansible-deploy: docs/playbook-tags.md

- `stop` — stops all systemd services

> - `ensure-matrix-users-created` and `ensure-users-created` — a special tag which ensures that all special users needed by the playbook (for bots, etc.) are created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ensure-matrix-users-created` or its alias `ensure-users-created` — a special tag which ensures that all special users needed by the playbook (for bots, etc.) are created
```

Maybe this makes it clearer that the 2 tags are identical?
